# node-swc-template

This template offers a basic structure to create a web application in nodejs with the express framework. It uses the following tools to facilitate the development and optimization of the code: swc, typescript, eslint and prettier. These tools allow you to write code in typescript, transpile with high performance using swc, apply good style and formatting practices with eslint and prettier, and run the application with node and express.

## Server
The server runs on the http://localhost:3000. Opening this url, the server response is an json: `{ ok: true }`. This means that the server is working properly and ready to handle requests.

## Dependencies

This project depends on the following packages:

- [node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node#readme): A JavaScript runtime environment based on Chrome V8.
- [swc](https://github.com/swc-project/swc#readme): A super fast JavaScript and TypeScript compiler written in Rust.
- [eslint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint#readme): A static code analysis tool to identify problematic patterns found in JavaScript code.
- [rimraf](https://github.com/isaacs/rimraf#readme): A package that provides a way to execute the command `rm -rf` on any platform.
- [nodemon](https://github.com/remy/nodemon#readme): A tool that monitors changes in your project files and automatically restarts the server.

## Installation

To install the project dependencies, run the following command:

```bash
npm i
```

## Start
To start production read code in dist, run the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

Starts the application by running the index.js file in the dist folder.

## Development

To run the project in development mode, run the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start nodemon, which will monitor the changes in the files and restart the server automatically.

## Build

To build the project for production, run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will use swc to transpile the TypeScript files into JavaScript and place them in the dist folder.

## Clean

To remove the artifacts, run the following command:

```bash
npm run clean
```

Removes the dist folder, which contains the files generated by swc.

## Lint

To check if the code is following the eslint and prettier rules, run the following command:

```bash
npm run lint
```

This will show the possible errors and warnings in the code and suggest how to fix them.
